Word of the Day: titivate
Published on February 20, 2006.
I really love it when they do potentially naughty sounding words for the Word of the Day.
Today’s word of the day is:
titivate : to smarten up; to spruce.
One of the examples they use is:
In The Idle Class , when Chaplin is titivating in a hotel room, the cloth on his dressing table rides up and down, caught in the same furious gusts.
— Peter Conrad, Modern Times, Modern Places
Hmmm. Titivating in the hotel room huh?
When there’s free HBO and Cinemax, I guess that’s just natural.
I’ll have to use titivate in my everyday vocabulary now to send improper messages to people.
Other fun words that I like to use are: “ exacerbate ,” and “ titular .”
Go look ‘em up!
I’ll be around.
Titivating in my bathroom, exacerbating in my room (knock before you come in!) and watching a titular actress in a movie.